How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?	0
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?	1
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?	0
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?	1
What is the full form of .com ?	2
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?	3
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?	3
What is the oldest profession ?	3
What are liver enzymes ?	0
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .	3
When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?	4
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?	0
Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?	3
Who killed Gandhi ?	3
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?	1
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?	5
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?	0
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?	4
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?	0
What is an annotated bibliography ?	0
What is the date of Boxing Day ?	4
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?	1
Name 11 famous martyrs .	3
What 's the Olympic motto ?	0
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?	0
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?	1
Who was the inventor of silly putty ?	3
What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?	5
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .	1
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?	5
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?	2
What does a spermologer collect ?	1
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?	4
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?	3
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?	4
What do Mormons believe ?	0
When did the neanderthal man live ?	4
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?	1
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?	5
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?	1
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?	0
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?	1
How many people in the world speak French ?	4
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?	4
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?	0
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?	3
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?	1
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?	3
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?	0
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?	1
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?	5
What is ethology ?	0
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?	3
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?	0